
### Starting Conflict
- Notes
	- I was initially wanting some "Lovecraftian" "Outer God" sort of opening to darkly contrast the usual Tavern trope, but the way I'm wanting to write the villain means that I don't think there's a way I can write this without making some sort of plot-hole. I want the campaign to start at the very founding of the cult, and that means that they wouldn't be powerful enough to kill a god or manifest the corpse of an alternate one. Right now the best working idea at the moment is that the God King of Savras is involved somehow. He should have some sort of vision of the future from Savras' gifts, so it would make sense that he sends specifically for these people to deal with whatever problem is being introduced. I also think it would be interesting if followers of Savras' became physically disoriented/dizzy at the sight of a fate being shifted. This could be a possible catalyst for the party being assembled.
	- I want it to be established that Savras' kingdom is known for its efficient delegation in work—even so far as for other kingdoms to outsource citizens as managers. Under this efficient fate-based delegation, our party will be assembled for some important task. 
	- The current idea that I'm bouncing around is that they come from afar for some reason. My top 3 options is that a great many people are requested by the god king for a task, a great many of people come to the kingdom for some event, or this group of party members in particular is assembled at the request of the king in particular for some very important quest.
		- The first option would require some great conflict requiring thousands of people to solve—which could be a great introductory quest—but also could have large ramifications that I would need to deal with later.
		- The second option feels more appealing, as it could be something as insignificant as a "fate reading" festival of sorts to attract tourists.
		- The third option is much more straightforward, but that also makes it feel "railroady." This also either prevents or heavily reduces the impact of the twist that I'm wanting by the discovery of Barbatos' cult, and the subversion of the Savras god king's perception of fate.
	- For the moment I'm going to choose the second approach, but as I get to developing further details of the first session I may revisit the first to see if it works better with gameplay.
	- For the second approach my current scenarios are these:
		- The kingdom is holding a quadrennial festival, where tourists can come all across the continent to have their fates be read by the best in the kingdom, to determine what careers they were fated for.
		- The kingdom is holding a banquet for...reasons...and have outsourced security help from nearby regions. Groups of workers are hand-selected by high ranking officials, and this is where our party gets grouped together as a patrolling squad.