
### Player Lore
- [[M]] came from off the continent. For mysterious circumstances, the changeling took the suicidal voyage to Cyfandir on nothing but a small boat. While they normally would have been killed, they happened to reach Umberlee's barrier right as Solomon and the rest of [[Wrath]] infiltrated under Barbatos' Void Magic. Shipwrecking off the coast of [[Nation of Deneir]], their memories were fully wiped, as the pantheon's memory suppression magic pertained to places beyond the continent, and so all of the changeling's memories were thus suppressed. To cope with this great trauma, their mind fractured into pieces—taking on the characters that Archibald Fredrickson described to him as his personal heroes in troubling situations.
- [[M]]'s alter—[[Mirchael]]—is a neutral force that just works to enrich the Double Pack Tactics Bank (sort of representing his brain's inner workings and how it's hyper-focused on a single task whether that brings good or bad). In his deal with [[M]] for 5 minutes of at-will body take-over, he does this to secure a bargaining chip with [[M]]'s evil alter who is currently being held at bay by [[Mirwis]]. Once the evil alter can make a fitting offer to [[Mirchael]] for the 5 minutes, he won't hesitate to make the trade for Bank DPT's stock.

​	[[Jazmine]] died at a very young age. In the middle of the night, she disappeared from home, and wasn't seen again until days later, when her body would be discovered dumped at the forest's edge. Her distraught mother sought the help of a local spellcaster to save her beloved and only daughter, but the best that could be managed was to preserve her life-force into a delicate little tulip. For years upon years, her mother would travel from her home to the edge of the forest where her daughter's tulip stood. She would read it stories, whisper compliments to its "magnificent petals" and "verdant leaves", recount her day to it, complain of her struggles to it, and increasingly often would lose all sense—needing to be dragged away by her family so that she would not thirst or starve to death. 
​	As her mental state continued to deteriorate, she eventually managed to push out all of those in her life who still lived; leaving just her and a corpse's tulip. With the pity of her family and the villagers, they got her enough to survive at the forest's edge. Leftovers would sometimes be dropped off, a copper piece sometimes donated for her rare departures into town, and old cloth given to keep her warm throughout the harsh winters.
​	Despite all the help the village gave, they all still knew her fate. The woman's days were numbered. With every passing week she grew more irrational, more delusional, more reckless. No one was there to see it happen; only the aftermath. A dainty reddish-pink tulip paired with crimson blood-soaked grass, and just inches away the woman's unblinking eyes forever beholding its lovely petals.
​	The village was split on what to do with the body. Some said to let it lie there and stare until nature had taken her eyes. Some suggested grinding up her body into a fertilizer for the tulip, so that mother and daughter could be connected once more. Others—often those once closest to the woman—wished nothing to do with the tulip that had taken her mind, and now soul. Indecision inevitably was their decision, and the body was left to rot where it fell. In one respect, it was honoring the mother's final act. In another, it was allowing the two to reconnect as her essence decayed and soaked into the ground. And even in another, the horrific sight and smell ensured that none would dare approach to tend to the tulip—numbering its days just as her mother's had once been.
​	No one checked on the two. No one realized the mother's body had been dragged into the woods by a wild animal. No one noticed when the tulip began to wilt. No one wanted to know, so they simply didn't check. Many resisted even looking northward, for fear they'd get a glimpse of the body off at the forest's edge. They never mentioned her—they hated being reminded. It's for that reason that when a magical elven prodigy came through town, he hadn't a clue its importance before they began recklessly experimenting.

> [!Spoiler]- 
> At some point I want to reunite the mom and Jazmine through the mom being a mad wandering spirit looking for her child.
