- ### Multiversal Aspect
	- An unnamed cult seeks to use the power of Barbatos to disrupt the multiverse and further their ideals.

- ### Barbatos
	- Barbatos will be the god of 'Other Fates'
	- Lawful Neutral

- ### World Dynamics
	- Informal Notes

- ### Pantheonic Peace Deal ^Politics1
	- Signed 80 SD
### Cult of Barbatos
- **Sight of the Unfated (In-Universe Speech)**
	- "Imagine for a moment a traveler. They are traveling in such a way that for every 1 ft traveled East, they travel 2 ft North. It follows then that once they have traveled 400 ft East of their start, they will then also be 800 ft North of it. Such simple knowledge holds incredible power. Under the right intellect one can know every town the traveler will pass through, and by proxy everywhere the traveler will not go. It is this negative space, the knowledge of where our desired "traveler" will not be that brings forth the power of Barbatos. This traveler's line is one's fate, and the rest is what was unfated. Of course, in practice even a rock contains more complexity than a straight line, but the relationship holds true. Inside everything is a complex shape comprising its fate. We see these shapes—feel them—and once we can feel them we can mold them."
	- "Let's once again imagine our traveler. Suppose their path means that they will pass through [Town1] after going 600ft West and 1,200ft North—but we want them to pass through [Town 2] which is 700ft West and 2,800ft North. To pass through that town, the traveler would need to be going 4ft North for every 1ft West. Through our god Barbatos and his graciousness, we are able to alter this result—alter this fate—and pull it towards another. As likely expected, to call this process difficult would be an understatement. The larger the displacement of ones fate, the more energy that is required to do it. This is how Barbatos' sight aids us. In these negative spaces of the unfated, distinctions can be found that reveal the most prominent of other fates—creating a gauge and guide for twisting fate."
	- "Beyond this—since our sight of the unfated is unrelated to the physical sight of man—it does not cease when we fall asleep. As our minds awaken in the realm of dreams, so too does our sight of the unfated. In these hours of slumber an interesting behavior occurs. How and why it takes place is still yet unknown, but when we go to sleep, we have dreams that pierce the multiverse. This phenomenon is invaluable to those who thrive in the art of summoning. In these dreams one can witness great beasts and legendary warriors that—with the proper skills—can be manifested into our very own reality."
- **Cult Backstory:**
	- Centuries ago, when divine nations began to rise across the continent and the great power they allowed began to be understood, it was foreseen that in time no domain would be safe from the petty desires of deities and their lusts for power. Among these concerned people happened to be a great wizard from the North whom had recently discovered a realm devoid of divine presence—wholly unknown to both god and man. It was soon after found that this realm could be used to transport thoughts or messages without the fear of any deity's watchful eyes peering into ideas it would not approve of. The power of Holy Empires surged exponentially, quickly solidifying the last bits of land and sea to be the property of the gods. Hope was lost. The gods had never had more control over man, and now even contemplation to oneself was at risk of being noticed and punished. Communication between the most powerful spellcasters continued, and a solid plan was formed just in case they received the perfect opportunity. Years later, the followers of Eldath would begin talks of a divine treaty. The polarization between different states was harmful to the people and gods both, and people were desperate for change. As negotiations began, the gods took their eyes off of their nations, allowing the revolutionaries to set their plan in motion. Far off the coast of the continent was an island called [[Locations#^Island1|Island Name]] that had been abandoned in the age of Divine Nations. As nations in the mainland prospered under the rule of gods, people rushed from their small communities to receive the divine blessings promised to them within the borders of their domain. The revolutionaries gathered to cast a powerful transportation spell to [[Locations#^Island1|Island Name]], taking as many resources with them as possible. By the time negotiations had ended and the [[Worldbuilding Stuff#^Politics1|Treaty Name]] was codified, the rebels were nowhere to be found.
	- The new inhabitants of [[Locations#^Island1|Island Name]] were quick to resume work on a way to end the gods tyranny. Much research was done into the Devoid Realm in the hopes that a solution may appear, but no path furthered their final goal. Solomon was one of these researchers; a naturally intelligent and zealous child. From the moment he could gain access to this realm, every waking moment was spent in its emptiness until it was second nature to him. His soul was in essence split between the Devoid Realm and the Forgotten Realm, leaving not even when he slept. Perhaps it was this accustoming to the void that allowed him what others couldn't. Perhaps it was his immense dedication that made him worthier than others. For whatever reasons unknown, a hidden god isolated in this realm spoke to Solomon. It's said that on [[Locations#^Island1|Island Name]] he sat silent and still for a full day and night. In his time there he made a pact with the god Barbatos to further his will, and in exchange he would further the rebels'. Many did not agree with Solomon's choices—after all, siding with a god was antithetical to their whole mission. It took much debate, but eventually the island decided that they would back Solomon. He and his 3 men were to go to the mainland and preach the power of Barbatos, the god of Other Fates. Meanwhile, the islanders would maintain a protective spell to shield them from the sight and wrath of the gods as they amassed followers.

### Random Lore
- **Slog-hog**
	- Slog-hog is a historical dish from [[Campaign 4/Continents/Cyfandir/Nations/Test/Herriston]] that is a specialty of [[Quag Danog's Slog-hog Krog]]. It's said that ages ago the town endured some great hardship that nearly spelled the end of them all. They however made it out the other side and threw as good a feast that they could. They slew a wild boar, stuck it on a poll, and were set to roast it. However, they just couldn't get a fire started and the feast appeared to be a bust. Out of frustration a man slapped the hog only to realize that slapping it made it warm up a bit. The whole town got together and slapped the hog as it spun for hours and hours, until it was fully cooked and indescribably tender. Slog-hog (as it would come to be named) would then onwards become a delicacy among the locals.
- Feef
	- This universe's equivalent to weed.
- 

[[Worldbuilding|Informal Notes]]