
## Session 1
​	The party was assembled in the capitol's worker selection process to join the patrol squad. Under the direction of [[Undello]] they were assigned to the northern wing of the temple where the storage as well as a few unused rooms are located.
​	Upon hearing a noise, [[Alton]] investigates his perimeter only to be attacked by an [[Lich Hound Statblock|undead canine creature]]. He mistakenly chooses to fill the room with smoke, and both disadvantages himself as well as his approaching party members as he tries to fend off the beast. Eventually the whole party joins into the combat *(minus [[Mirwis]] for the vast majority)* causing the creature to shift into the ethereal plane to regain its composure and resume the onslaught.
​	While the party attempts to destroy the back-wall, [[Undello]] takes notice of this ability and proposes a solution to contain the beast. [[Mirwis]] volunteers to grapple the beast, giving [[Undello]] the opportunity to summon a magic circle to contain it and restrict its ability to plane-shift.
​	The party is brought back to the barracks for medical attention as well as to get informed by a representative of the situation. [[Alton]] is rather unhappy with the tripled pay—until he's told that they'll be getting fate readings directly from the queen for their work.
​	The party is brought before Queen [[Deborhai]], who apologizes for her carelessness and promptly gets to the fate reading—starting with ~~Elmer Valley~~ [[Fisher Wizard]]. However, just a glance at him seems to cause her to vomit and crumple to the ground, quickly sending the guards into action.
​	The party's restrained and brought into the underground holding cells—almost getting out of it for the reason of "jail-cell allergies". [[Kynosoura]] plays her lyre, as the guards waltz together, rekindling a (friendship???) that seemed to have been drifting lately.
​	The Queen along with more guards as well as an Arch enter to clear up what had occurred. The Queen had looked at them and seen their fates shifting with such rapidness that it gave her motion sickness. This shifting of fates is something that never had occurred before that moment, and was thought impossible for man and even god. As such, it's become evident that something of incredible danger is happening and the party is instructed to help fix it.
​	The Queen then left, telling them that rooms were being made for them to stay the night, and that more would be revealed once it was also known to them...
[Day 1: Morning to Night]
## Session 1.5
​	After the party is lead back to their rooms for the night, a confused [[Mirwis]] falls asleep for the night, and awakes to find himself no longer himself and no longer in his bed. What was once [[Mirdis]] has been replaced with an amorphous silhouette of ethereal stardust, and the environment around him a sparkling swirl of pink and yellow void stretching out into the infinity.
​	So overwhelmed by their new surroundings, this confused being begins to break down crying. A single tear falls from where their eyes should be, halting below them and then multiplying over and over again. A sprout appears where the first tear fell, and with it a seemingly endless amount start erupting out from it radially until the void has been replaced with a wild forest teeming with foliage.
​	As the being begins walking through the forest, they encounter a serene pond in a clearing. They wade out into it, but no ripples are made, and no wetness is felt. Looking in the pond's reflection, they see their face to be the same ethereal stardust, but shifting and flickering—with one of them being a certain familiar face. Suddenly they feel a hand on their back, as that certain someone appears behind them saying: *"Ahhh...it is beautiful iz it not? What bringz you to zis place?"* The Frenchman introduces himself as [[Mirrisso]], and invites the being to join him on his stroll through the forest.
​	The two wander into a more wild area of the forest and encounter a group of forest nymphs playing around a waterfall. The nymphs whisper to each other and then start to point and laugh at the being. As they continue walking in shame, they feel another hand on their back—this time a plain clothed human who introduces himself as [[Mirdis]]. [[Mirdis]] jokes with the nymphs and hypes up the being to them. One nymph flies up to the being and gives it a peck on the cheek right before flying away with its nymph buddies deeper into the forest.
​	The group of three start to wander into a section of the woods that's more lifeless, with dead grass, fallen trees, and dry leaves littering the forest floor. Suddenly a howl is heard, and soon after the pack of wolves it belonged to appear. The being in its helplessness somehow seemed to summon forth from themselves another person—this time an aggressive woman clad in black armor. Together, the three companions end up victorious against the 6 wolves—with one of which becoming pacified.
​	Their victory is short-lived however, as off in the distance a small orange light begins to grow exponentially into a raging wildfire. At once, the three companions and the wolf split off into the forest as the fire chases the being. Despite its strongest efforts, the fire still outpaces the being and wraps around it confining it to a small circle. Out from the inferno emerges a figure—a black and amorphous figure, but violent in comparison to the being's body. It slowly approaches the terrified being while its body disfigures and violently shifts into different jagged shapes. It speaks in a heavily distorted rasp: *"Finally...I've been waiting for this opportunity..."*
​	The figure raises its now vaguely blade shaped arm above its head and swings down onto the being, but is blocked as a longsword appears to lock it into combat. Holding the sword is a large green dragonborn with a blooming aura about him. The figure becomes frustrated and engages the dragonborn, trading blows with him until it's shattered into hundreds of pieces from a divine smite. While the figure's broken pieces start to gravitate and reconnect, the dragonborn turns back to the being and says: "Don't worry. It still can't get to you right now. Now go; do good." The dragonborn raises his sword to the being's throat and slices, causing everything to go black. Mirdis then awakens to the knocks of a royal attendant at his bedroom door, announcing that Queen Deborhai requests his attendance in 15 minutes for breakfast.
[Day 1 to Day 2: Night to Morning]
## Session 2
​	The next morning the party is awoken by knocks at their doors and subsequently escorted by royal attendants to breakfast. The party quickly wears out their welcome with the Archs, but are saved by Queen Deborhai's arrival. She proceeds to inform the party about the details of the creature, and introduces their next quest: go north into the [[Cilian Forest]] and investigate for any signs of the perpetrators. Their guide will be [[Shirlos Agretsa]], a retired steward of Savras that's familiar with the terrain. 
​	As they're dismissed, [[Undello]] approaches [[Alton]] and talks to him for a short while about [[Acadius Greysson]] and his relation to both his wenge box as well as the temple's architecture. Then, the party's lead out to a horse-drawn carriage driven by an odd man dubbed [[Ol' Skago]]—a man who had supposedly been a royal coachman since even when [[Shirlos Agretsa]] was. As his two horses—[[Jebadiah]] and [[Whiskey]]—pull off towards the forest, the party begins to talk amongst each other as well as with their new coachman. After [[Alton]] had been spat on many times as well as tenderly kissed, the carriage stopped at the entrance of the forest.
​	[[Mirdis]] was the first off the carriage, immediately jumping off and booking it into the forest away from the group. As he became surrounded with foliage, he shifted into [[Mirrisso]] and began wandering aimlessly. In his wanderings he happened upon a small grotto of the most gorgeous green. In the middle of it lied an angular rock of a deep black color, contrasted with white crack-like formations running up and down its surface. It sat in the middle of a crystal clear pool of water, luring [[Mirrisso]] in almost hypnotically. As he grabbed the rock, some sort of mental attack came upon him—but he endured it, putting the rock in his pocket and carrying on as the grotto behind him started to lose its liveliness.
​	The rest of the party continued to search for any signs with [[Shirlos Agretsa|Shirlos]]—all the while annoying him incessantly. Eventually, they came upon a small clearing where they finally found a sign of life: a tent and an extinguished campfire. Inside the tent all that's found is a water pouch, a bent bookmark, and a tiny net with some bits of meat strewn around it. However, the strangest bit of all is something that doesn't immediately occur to them—a deafening silence that you certainly should not find in the middle of the woods. This was overlooked perhaps in part because of [[Mirrisso]]'s reunification with the party after first cautiously approaching as a wolf.
​	Finally, an anxious [[Shirlos Agretsa|Shirlos]] decided that it was time to head back and report their findings to the queen. However, just as the party begun their trek back, a curved blade appeared deep in the side of [[Shirlos Agretsa|Shirlos]], and a previously undetected man dressed in red and black robes is holding the scimitar.
[Day 2: Morning to Afternoon]
​
## Session 3
​	The scimitar is ripped out of [[Shirlos Agretsa|Shirlos]]' side, sending him reeling to the ground in pain while the rest of the party readies to engage with this sudden hooded foe. Not very long after, a second assailant appears out of an illusionary wall to try and get the surprise on our party. Eventually, the first assassin falls on death's door, and [[Alton]] grapples him so that they can later prod for information. Unfortunately, they make the decision to heal him back a bit, and with this recovered strength the cultist escapes [[Alton]]'s grasp. They instantly make a bolt for a nearby tree and exclaim:
​	*"OUR DEATHS WILL MEAN NOTHING! THE GREAT MISSION IS LARGER THAN ANY OF US, LARGER THAN ANY SO-CALLED GOD! IN TIME YOUR FEEBLE MINDS WILL WITNESS THE GREATNESS OUR [[Solomon|PROGENITOR]] ENVISIONS—BE IT IN LIFE, OR IN DEATH!"*
​	The cultist then slams his fist into the tree, causing bits of red mist to emanate around its trunk. It quakes and cracks, uprooting from the ground; its lenticels that previously only resembled eyes now opened wide to reveal woody pupils darting intensely at everyone in the forest. Whether it was always one or just became one at this moment—the cultist had brought forth a treant. Before he could do anything further though, the cultist is incinerated, leaving just a charred corpse and burning cloth.
​	The treant immediately slams itself down onto the second cultist, scattering flesh and blood across the clearing and leaving just the party versus the treant. At this point [[Shirlos Agretsa|Shirlos]] who had been keeling over at his injury (was rolling terribly and missed every attack since the battle's beginning) received a divine blessing (guaranteed crits on his next 5 turns) as the goddess of luck appeared to them all to apologize for her mistake of giving him horrendous luck. 
​	The treant's rampage begins to slow as its branches burn and its bark lie broken and scattered at its roots. Finally, [[Jazmine]] and [[Mirrisso]]—who are both beavers—use the power of Castorimorphic friendship to do a double attack into the withering treant, felling it for good.
​	As the party breathes a sigh of relief, the divinely-high [[Shirlos Agretsa|Shirlos]] goes on a manic craze, bursting rocks into sand, crushing sand into glass, and then molding it with his bare hands to create a bottle for [[Alton]]. After coming to though, he begins to question his faith as seemingly he received more in that short minute than he ever had gotten from Savras. This self-questioning is postponed for later though—as the party gathers the bodies, [[Fisher Wizard]] dawns the bloody cultist cloak, and they head back to [[Ol' Skago]] to tow the evidence back to the capitol.
​	After they're cleaned up and get some time to rest, the party returns to Queen [[Deborhai]] to relay their findings. She's visibly upset to hear how it had proceeded—but also not very surprised. She then tells the party that they have served their time, and that she will release them—at least somewhat. She tells them that she's sending one more carriage for them in the morning to head north into the nation of [[Cathanna]], as she hears there's conflict brewing and wishes for them to investigate. After that point they are free to act at their own digression, but she warns to not be surprised when she pulls the leash back—supposing they are to disregard the cataclysmic threat at hand.
[Day 2: Afternoon to Night]
## Session 4
​	The next morning, the party is given their initially promised payments, some supplies for the road, and are loaded onto [[Ol' Skago]]'s carriage one last time to head northward into [[Cathanna]]. Stopping just shy of the northern border of [[Theos]], the party is dropped off to continue on their own into the new country.
​	A ways into the trek, [[Jazmine]]'s eyes are caught by what she can make out to perhaps be a stone structure obscured by the woods around them. As the party approaches the spot of their detour, they're met with a horrible sight:
​	Slumped against the ruined stone wall lies an old rotted corpse. Its eyes plucked out by birds, its hair all but gone, just wisps still clinging to its shriveled patchwork scalp. The body desecrated with stumped limbs, and a pool of dried blood encircling it. Above all, its face displaying truest anguish, even in death, indicating that its demise was truly horrific. And in the air around it, the corpse's deepest hatred and rancor can be felt persisting on long beyond the body's death.
​	Without a second thought, the party jumps into combat against the malice-filled corpse. However, despite the party's attacks the corpse does not seem to respond and slowly more and more of the party flees from the scene not wishing to further provoke the cadaver. From one of these attacks the ground is lifted beneath the corpse into a pillar of earth, propelling the body into the air and revealing a mass amount of blood that had soaked beneath the scene—causing it to flow back outwards and coat the surrounding grass in a deep dark red shimmer.
​	[[Jazmine]] curiously skips towards the hemal springs before her, and foolishly touches one. In an instant, the blood shoots in streaks up her arm, across her skin, and finally forcing their way into the bottoms of her eye sockets and entering her bloodstream. Just as quickly, the blood recedes back into the spring while [[Jazmine]] collapses to her knees, her eyes glazed over, and her face upturned to the sky with a slack jaw—now petrified from within her very core.
​	Before long, all but the recently-unpetrified [[Jazmine]] and the morbidly curious [[Alton]] remain at the ruins. [[Jazmine]] stumbles off back towards the path, but [[Alton]] is insistent on not leaving until he has the mysterious corpse in his possession. After attempting to cut off a forearm mysteriously backfired *(harming his own forearm instead)* he ties a rope around the body and books it back towards the party with body in tow—much to the rest of the party's displeasure. Unfortunately for [[Alton]], at some point in the sprint he feels the payload become significantly lighter, as he looks back to find that the corpse has mysteriously vanished, leaving only a single long track in the dirt coming to an abrupt end.
​	[[Jazmine]], [[Fisher Wizard]], [[Kynosoura]], and [[Mirrisso]] are the first to make it to [[Campaign 4/Continents/Cyfandir/Nations/Test/Surrey]]—a small rural Cathannian community with just three visible structures: [[The Rat's Nest]] tavern, [[The Iron Norveg]] smithy, and [[Cheddar by Chester]]—an establishment the party soon finds out to be a bank. After some discussions with the locals, they discover that there is a very prominent rat-centric culture to their community, and that they deal exclusively in cheese as currency (since a witch curse makes it so no cow can step foot on the town's premises alive).
​	As [[Alton]] arrives, [[Mirdis]] and [[Fisher Wizard]] concoct a plan to obtain a large loan of 8 cheese wheels with 0% interest by giving [[Chester]] two living cows to milk for infinite cheese. Of course, they're not real ones, but rather [[Kynosoura]] and [[Jazmine]] wildshaped into cows (seemingly bypassing the curse). Then, while [[Chester]] is in the back listening to [[Fisher Wizard]] give a spiel on the cows, he's surprise attacked by the party—killing him before he can say a single word. After disposing of his body and replacing him with a disguised [[Fisher Wizard]], [[Mirdis]] heads over to [[The Iron Norveg]] to initiate step two in his master plot.
​	With the wheels of cheese, [[Mirdis]] purchases an expensive and ornate set of mithril rat armor as well as a tiny rat-sized +1 dagger. He outfits a now rat wildshaped [[Kynosoura]] with the equipment, and heads to [[The Rat's Nest]] to get a spot in the underground rat fighting ring. He's almost able to get away with it too, but the barkeep—[[Joseph]]—does a final check of the rat with a mysterious gem, revealing that something is up. After banging Rat-[[Kynosoura]] down several times against the bar's surface, [[Joseph]] throws her back to [[Mirdis]] and threatens the two, prompting them to skedaddle outside of the tavern.
​	Meanwhile, [[Fisher Wizard]] has begun to notice something strange, as there's a squeaking sound coming from the break room. Taking a peek, he sees at least a dozen muscled-up rats prowling the area and nearing closer and closer to the doorway. He quickly barricades the door with everything he can see, but it's to no avail as a single rat effortlessly punches a hole through the door creating a path through. In a last ditch effort, [[Fisher Wizard]] spews flame towards the now hostile rats and runs for his life out of the bank.
​	Suddenly the party is altogether once again, 3/5 of them in a panic, but all of them ready to leave town. Unfortunately, before they can even take their first step, a loud boom erupts from an outer wall of the bank as another hole has been made and a steady stream of muscled-up rats now pour out of it. They flee for their lives, [[Fisher Wizard]] taking to the trees and starting fires, [[Alton]] shifting gravity to gain speed, [[Mirdis]] hitching a ride on the sideways-falling [[Alton]] (and then falling into a tree) and [[Jazmine]] and [[Kynosoura]] simply running as fast as they can.
[Day 3: Morning to Evening]
## Session 5
​	Despite their best efforts, one-by-one each party member is overwhelmed by the onslaught, and winds up having their vision fade to black as they're engulfed in muscular rodents. 

- Get taken to [[The Cavern]]
- [[The Rat Spirit]] offers them a chance at life via killing the witch's malic curse thingy
- They go to the corpse's ruins and put blood on the wall, nearly killing them all
- They go back to [[The Rat's Nest]] and talk to [[Joseph]] to hear the story of the witch's curse
- [[Fisher Wizard]] kills himself to see the witch's curse, and gets brought back via CPR from [[Alton]]
[Day 3: Evening to Night]
## Session 6
- Rat Spirit approaches the party while inhabiting the body of a common rat, and compliments fisher wizard for his determination—offering to hold his soul partially in the afterlife to help assist them in killing the curse
- As the party goes into the forest, they hear a voice behind them as a spy of Deborhai approaches, berating them for their recklessness but also offering them a revivify glyph to possible take the logarithm of a ghost squared
- Party finds a small clearing that used to act as an "animal graveyard" where fisher wizard senses the witch. He then calls on the rat spirit to pull his soul back into the realm of the spirits so that he can use the glyph on the witch
- Fisher wizard uses the glyph on the witch, and then Alton resuscitates Fisher Wizard bringing him back to life.
- They launch a "surprise" attack on the non-hostile witch, but she keeps healing when it's her turn in combat
- They figure out that Jazmine's blood can stop it from regenerating, and so they start coating her and their attacks with it
- Fisher Wizard dies twice, and Mirwis dies once (reviving as Mareissa)
- Mareissa deals the final blow onto the witch, leaving it to be torn apart by the malicious blood inside of Jazmine
- The forest loses its evil atmosphere and a great multitude of rats appear out of the forest to bow before the party in thanks
- The rat spirit appears and thanks the party for their help, giving them the rat talisman as a reward
- As the party heads back to town, they meet the citizens of Surrey marching towards them. joseph in the lead thanks them for their help and offers them to stay the night at the tavern for free
- Mareissa goes over to a table in the tavern with Dennis and [[Derek Schlitsky]]
- Derek approaches Alton at the bar offering him some scam quests, eventually hooking him on one about a big rat in his house
- Alton goes into Derek's burrow to discover that the big rat is actually Tiamat dressed as a rat (aka Tiarat) who threatens Alton's life if he touches her.
[Day 3: Night]

## Session 6.5
- Jazmine's stuff
[Day 3: Morning | Day 4: Early Morning]


## Session 7
- Mirdis takes off north first
- Rest of the party trails behind
- Arrive at Cantus
- Mirdis warns Jennifer of Plantasia about a blue man buying plants to kill people (he's posing as a representative of the capitol)
- Alton arrives and tries to buy from Plantasia, but she puts up shop for "break" and books it home when she gets a chance
- Jazmine buys a dagger and breastplate from The Barracks
- All of them enter Textillion
- Alton, Mirdis, and Fisher Wizard start asking questions about the tent so that they can possibly steal it. They then start threatening to frame Jason with feef if he doesn't help them out in some way (I forgot)
- Jason calls for guards
- Kynosoura slips out, Jazmine isn't associated with them, and the main three are stopped by three guards who quickly come to check out the ruckus.
- Mid-conversation Mirdis turns into Mareissa and begins to leave—restraining arrest and fleeing the scene.
- One guard leads Alton back to the station while the other two chase after Mareissa (Fisher Wizard slips out and disguises himself as a gnome)
- Mareissa orders a strawberry macchiato from Greg
- The guards arrive to arrest her but can't get her to budge
- Greg—assuming Mareissa is mentally ill—coaxes her out by promising a half-off refill if she complies with the guards (which she agrees to)
- Alton and Mareissa are held for a bit while a guard talks to Jason to figure out what all took place
- Jazmine, Kynosoura, and Fisher Wizard continue shopping in the meantime. Fisher Wizard obtained a Joker from a Deck of Illusions, an Endless Decanter, and an encyclopedia on the pantheon. Kynosoura obtained a small wooden box from Hogug.
- The guard returns to the holding area and interrogates Alton and Mareissa, trying to figure out what exactly happened. At the same time, Fisher Wizard arrives at the station and poses as Alton's grandfather in hopes of getting him out.
- The guard relents and warns Alton that he better keep Mareissa in shape or else they're both in serious trouble.
- The two are released from holding where Mareissa proceeds to immediately punch Fisher Wizard in the face and make a B-line for Cantus Lodging to get her refill.
- Alton follows after her, and the two guards follow behind Alton while the receptionist tends to Fisher Wizards wounds
- Upon arriving at the Inn, she comes to the realization that she left the cup back at the jail and has to retrieve it.
- Mareissa tries to juke out the frantically pursuing Alton, but fails miserably and falls to the floor for Alton to grapple her
- Mareissa escapes his grasp as the two guards arrive, also attempting to grapple her. Instead, they fail miserably and bump heads like out of a bad comedy, giving Mareissa the window she needs to get back into the holding area for her cup.
- Mareissa runs back to the holding area, clotheslining the recovering Fisher Wizard as she passes him, and running back inside and into the holding area.
- As she enters the holding area, the receptionist closes the door on her and locks it.
- The guards, Alton, and Fisher Wizard reconvene in the holding area while Mareissa frantically tries to break out like a panicked animal.
- Mareissa continues trying to break down the thick metal door, breaking several bones in the process of making a small hole in the metal.
- While Mareissa does this, the guards and Alton devise a way to restrain her.
- As Mareissa is at 1 hp, Alton shoves a hallucinogenic smoke bomb inside of the hole she had made, making her see the walls as bleeding meat and other horrors. Mareissa attacks the walls and deals the last damage to take her down to 0 hp (but stable)
- The guards enter, restrain her, take 100 gold to repair the door, and send Alton plus Fisher Wizard off while they take care of her mangled body.
- The two visit Jobland, meeting Joblin the Goblin, and they decide to take up Mrs. Wickler's job and Mr. Woman's job.
- Kynosoura goes to the tavern to get a drink, and practices Free Bird in the corner. Greg overhears her and offers her 40 gold to play for the rest of the night because she's so good.
- Fisher Wizard recruits Jazmine to help with the gorilla the next day
- Alton goes to Kellon's collection to buy the Bracers of Archery, and asks about where Jennifer had gone. Kellon talks to her, hears the story, and convinces Jennifer to return as long as Kellon keeps watch to ensure her safety.
- Alton buys some common curative regents—some nuts and flower petals
- Jazmine, Alton, and Fisher Wizard head to the lodge to sleep for the night—while Kynosoura gets off her shift earning 40 gp + 10 gp bonus as well as free lodging in the suite.
- Alton and Fisher Wizard discuss what to do with the gorilla and settle on Alton using his hallucinogenic regents to make a poison to inject into the gorilla via dagger.
- Mareissa has a discussion with Mirchael in her dreamscape about getting out of her predicament. Mareissa decides to give away 10 minutes of bodily autonomy for Mirchael to temporarily "front" and explain to the guards what Mareissa can't

- The next morning Jazmine, Alton, Fisher Wizard, and Joblin all head to Mrs. Wickler's house to see the gorilla
- Mirdis awakens and manages to talk his way into being released under parole—eventually making it to the inn where he'd be hired as a musician to perform alongside Kynosoura (they're incredible and the tavern is booming with business)
- Over at the gorilla (who is merrily spinning in the hay) Fisher Wizard initiates by summoning a 10 ft horrifying humanoid illusion to try and scare it. The gorilla is frightened, but fights back by throwing a barrel at it (but missing)
- Alton manages to nail it in the arm with a coated dagger, delivering half the hallucinogen needed to take effect
- Jazmine casts speak animal to converse with the gorilla, which lets her learn that the gorilla is scared and has no home. She also hears the gorilla wish death on Alton very many times. As a peace offering, she transforms into a cat and swipes at Alton (missing)
- Fisher Wizard is convinced by Jazmine and disengages the illusion and from battle as a whole
- The gorilla charges at Alton, punching him backwards, missing his second swing, and then retreating into his corner to beat his chest
- Auril takes partial control of Alton, heightening his bloodlust and making him attack to kill the gorilla—shooting it in the shoulder in an attempt to hit its throat
- Jazmine tries to stop Alton with Ice Knife, but misses
- Fisher Wizard rejoins combat to try and restrain Alton with that flaming chain spell, but once again misses. As a backup, Fisher Wizard pulls out his endless decanter, summoning forth a geyser to knock Alton prone to the ground.
- The gorilla once again charges forward to the now prone Alton, and does a double-armed hammer fist into his back—bouncing him upwards into the air and knocking him to 0 hp
- Jazmine intervenes to resuscitate Alton and persuade the gorilla to end his attacks at the now near-lifeless Alton. He is eventually convinced after Jazmine promises to bring back a banana and get him a new home
- Joblin and his wife Gamma take Alton in to tend to his wounds—along with the help of Fisher Wizard— while Jazmine heads to town to purchase the gorilla's bananas (10 of them)
- After Kynosoura and Mirdis' next shift of playing music is up, Mirdis joins with Fisher Wizard to take Mr. Woman's quest while Kynosoura rests and Jazmine tends to Alton with Joblin & Gamma
- Mid-way there, Mirdis transforms into Mirrisso
- As they get to Mr. Woman's land, they see at the edge of the trees four ugly fey-like creatures buzzing around
- Fisher Wizard tries to reason with them, but the creatures initiate to attack them
- Fisher Wizard and Alton kill one, prompting the next to cast *Tongues* and share that they desire "the rock" in Mr. Woman's house for "freaky" that is "beyond mortal comprehension"
- They kill off the rest of the fey and meet back up with Mr. Woman who had been watching from afar
- They ask about "the rock" which Mr. Woman eventually pieces together as a cool rock he'd gotten from his grandpa. Once they get to see the rock, they discover that it's the same type that Mirrisso had found in the Cillian Forest a few days ago
- As Mr. Woman treats them to dinner, he offers them the rock instead of the 25 gold—which they accept to.
- When they get back to town, Mirrisso and Fisher Wizard go wandering. They talk about cloak schematics with Jason, figure out custom cart prices with Hogug, deliver a note to Kellon (who's traveling) and Fisher Wizard talks to Bhalnam, getting a one-on-one fishing outing with him the next morning.
- After this, the two return to the Inn to sleep for the night.
[Day 4: Morning to Day 5: Night]

## Session 7.5
- Owen's stuff
[Day 6: Early Morning to Late Morning]

## Session 8
(FOREWARNING: We essentially only had Stanley for the first part of the session because Jasmine and Timmy were both gone, Logan was on call with Jasmine outside for relationship issues, Owen was canonically not back to the town yet, and Eva hadn't been introduced yet.)
- Mirdis woke up in the morning, and went outside to take care of a couple chores
- He started by going to Textillion and checking in with Jason about his theoretical thistledown order and how that would all go down (he ended up paying a 50 gp down payment for 2 square yards at a discount of 20 gp due to the bigger order. This doesn't make sense economically but I'm not gonna take his cool robe away from him.)
- Next he went to the Town Watch and apologized to the guards and secretary for how he was behaving before-hand, asking whatever he could do to make up for it. They responded essentially by telling him to go to Joblin and ask for some work to do for the community.
- Mirdis went to Jobland where Gamma was working the front desk. She told him that Ms. Eldastaff still had weeds in her garden, so off he went to go tend to her weeds.
- Mirdis does a fantastic job tending to the weeds, quickly and precisely removing them from her garden bed—even spotting a bit of disease on one of her petunias (which he promptly alerts her of).
- He talks with Ms. Eldastaff for a bit, gets bits about her life story, and tries her famous lemonade—leading him to beg her to share her secret recipe (unsuccessfully).
- Afterwards, he returns to Jobland to collect his 5 gp reward and takes up the next unfinished job—the gorilla. She took a short break from tending to Alton to go with him over to Mrs. Wickler's barn (but not before buying 10 bananas from Good Greens).
- At the barn they find the gorilla spinning as usual, and Mirdis shifts into Mirrisso.
- Jazmine fills in Mirrisso about why they're there, and Mirrisso speaks with the gorilla trying to convince it to leave.
- After several bananas and a lot of coaxing, the gorilla cautiously follows the two back to Joblin's house where he takes residence in a tent in their backyard (after being frightened by Gamma's size).
- Mirrisso claims the reward for the job, and then heads to Cantus Lodging
- Fisher Wizard arrives back in town, gets his payment from Bhalnam, buys some healing regents from Jennifer for his hellfire burns, and heads to Cantus Lodging to rest after an "exciting morning"
- Alton talks to Joblin for a moment and then exits his house, headed for Cantus Lodging
- Mirrisso meets Gerg—who's now working the front while Greg sleeps
- Mirrisso tries to order a Strawberry Macchiato, but it's too expensive for him
- Mirrisso tries to order a glass of water, but it's too expensive for him
- Amber—who's now playing her lute up at the front in Kynosoura and Mirdis' absence—overheats this and perfectly flicks Mirrisso a copper coin without missing a beat from her ballad
- After she finishes her performance, she approaches the bar and strikes up conversation with Mirrisso. She asks him what he thought, and he responds with "I've heard better." When she challenges him to do better by asking if he plays anything, a vein in his forehead pops, his heartrate increases, and his eyes start to blur as Mirdis forces himself back to the front, accepting her challenge.
- Mirdis takes stage and plays a saxophone solo so beautiful that Ambers eyes begin to water, Fisher Wizard drops his disguise, and Alton bursts into tears—cured of his gorilla trauma.
- Getting back to his seat, Amber compliments him and proposes that they have a contest to see who the crowd likes more.
- They jokingly refer to it as a "Battle of the Bards" which Gerg absolutely loves. After talking to Greg for a moment, he gets approval and decides to host a certified contest that night between Mirdis, Amber, and Kynosoura to see who the superior performer is (though he has to first make sure that Kynosoura hasn't died, as she's yet to be seen all morning)
- Mirdis heads up to the gorilla to check on him—serenading him with yet again a soul splitting saxophone solo that (mostly) cures the gorilla of his hatred for "the blue man" and deepens his appreciation for life
- As Mirdis comes back to town from Joblin's Alton starts making his way there (with 30 bananas in tow)
- Alton drops off all the bananas in front of the cautious gorilla, and attempts to apologize without a translator (none of it makes it through the language barrier—just the gift of bananas)
- Meanwhile, Mirdis was headed to Miss Eldastaff's house to request that she make lemonade for the Battle of the Bards (which she decides to do)
- Mirdis, Amber, and Fisher Wizard all run into each other again headed towards Life in Loaves
- Amber gets a chocolate croissant and some magical starter. Fisher Wizard requests that she make a (???). Mirdis convinces her to let him shadow her bread-making the next morning.
- They all go back to Cantus Lodging to rest and prepare for the Battle of the Bards
- As it approaches time for the event, the lobby starts getting packed.
- Mirdis helps Miss Eldastaff deliver all of her lemonade
- As he returns, Gerg sits them all down and begins his deliverance of the event's opening
- Kynosoura goes first, playing his original song "Wall of Wonder" and scoring 77 points
- Mirdis goes second, playing Paramore's "All I Wanted" and scoring 107 points
- Amber goes last, playing Beltaine's "Rockhill" and scoring 105 points
- For winning the Battle of the Bards, Mirdis receives 99 gp
- For being runner-up, Amber receives 31 gp
[Day 6: Morning to Night]

# Session 9
(FOREWARNING: Given the Jasmine x Logan debacle was still taking place, this was a filler session with no real impact on the campaign).
- Introduce the winding down after the Battle of the Bards, and the gorilla going to sleep.
- Introduce the Monkey Kingdom and King Gorilla addressing his nobles. He tells them of the Demon Bug at the top of the World Tree that's taken over the Banana Treasury, and tasked his nobles to travel to the treasury and save the bananas.
- The party starts traveling towards the World Tree, first crossing a great marsh. Suddenly, a large alligator appears and devours Cynosuros before she can even realize what had happened.
- The party attempts to save Cynosuros by means of showing it the Big Bang, singing it a song, and throwing rocks at it.
- Monkisso jumps down the alligator's throat and wild shapes into an elk (like a 2-person horse costume but its 4 of them and they're monkeys and also it's an elk not a horse) just in front of the Astral Portal in its stomach. This causes the alligator to explode, and the portal to crystalize into a sphere that Monkisso stores for later.
- Reaching the base of the World Tree, the party encounters an elderly Chimpanzee that operates an elevator to higher levels. The Chimp speaks with them a bit, showing reverence to the nobles—aside for Altouatta, who supposedly killed his wife due to policy changes over his district. In fact, the Chimp had taken up the elevator gig as a second job to earn enough bananas to revive his dead wife via Resurrection.
- The Chimp whispers in Monkisso's ear, begging for him to steal Altouatta's coconut gun and shoot him with it to avenge his wife—in turn Monkisso may do what he likes with Altouatta's body and the Chimp will not say a thing. Monkisso quickly agrees to this.
- The Chimp rejoices at his wife being avenged, and sends the party upwards where they take in the sight of the tree's many levels—notably including a housing district and a construction site where human slaves are used as laborers.
- The elevator eventually reaches the highest stop at a mossy layer of the World Tree. Here, the tree's bark is covered in a unique ancient moss that grows significantly larger and stronger than your normal tree moss. It blankets a winding section of the tree that curves up and over the party, making a sort of cliff face that blocks the sky and gives ample conditions for the moss to grow.
- Operating the elevator is a Flying Squirrel who insists that she's a monkey. After a back and forth between Fishurili and the Flying Squirrel, Fishurili decides to push the squirrel off of the tree to "see if it can really fly".
- The Flying Squirrel screams as it vanishes into the clouds beneath them, and the party continue forward to find their way up the tree.
- They approach the large moss wall and begin investigating it, finding that to physically remove the moss would be far too arduous and slow. So, Fishurili casts burning hands on the moss wall, starting an inferno that expands outwards radially. Smoke begins to fill the air as well as the crackle of burning moss.
- Meanwhile, the Flying Squirrel had in-fact flown to the base of the tree where it scrambled back up, and was now hurtling towards Fishurili with a flying sidekick while screaming "SCREW YOU!"
- The Flying Squirrel made contact, but was subsequently caught in the air by Fishurili's grasp. However, the Flying Squirrel wriggled out unharmed and fled to the moss wall where it took a height advantage and yelled at the party for their insolence.
- Fishurili cast magic missile at the Flying Squirrel, making great contact and sending it back further in the moss where it grew silent.
- Time passed, burning moss began to fall from the sky, and at some point they heard the Flying Squirrel's body fall from the moss wall and smack against the ground—prompting Fishurili to stand up in the smoke and stomp it a few times.
- Monkissa took the top of the monkey totem pole and went to investigate the moss further. However, Monkissa is stupid and presumed the rocky wall behind the moss to be edible. She proceeded to break a tooth biting it.
- Phanber managed to find the tooth shard, and melted the Flying Squirrel's fat into a glue to reattach it. Afterwards while reexamining the rock wall, she found her ACTUAL tooth and decided to redo the attachment since the prior "tooth" was actually a conveniently shaped pebble.
- They continued investigating the wall, and found a crevice in the stone that slightly moved when pushed. As a group they managed to push the stone wall all the way, revealing a dark hollow faintly illuminated by spares firefly light.
- They began to creep through the darkness—Fishurili leaving his mouth open in hopes of accidentally eating one (last month's *Monkey Kingdom Quarterly* had a report on declining firefly populations so he didn't want to purposefully kill one). He managed to snag one, causing him to go blind but also start shining a pale green light from his eyes that dimly illuminated the hallway.
- Reaching the end of the hallway, the party found a network of natural wooden scaffolding webbing its way throughout the trunk's cavity. Next to these structures were scattered pale-green tubes stretching and splitting off into the tree's higher portions.
- Walking along these wooden scaffolds are spider-monkey-like creatures, carrying baskets and throwing bits of multi-colored powder into the tubes where it'd be shot upwards to be absorbed into the tree's walls. On closer examination, these monkeys are faceless, only having a mouth and larger ears.
- The monkeys speak a dialect unfamiliar to the party that only becomes familiar after Monkisso casts "Speak with Humans". Before this though, they try to commune with the monkeys—finding that they partially share the word "banana" and nothing more. In frustration Fishurili uses minor illusion to produce a loud alarm sound for half a second, frightening the monkey workers and sending them into a panic. The particular monkey he had been trying to speak with jumped in shock, accidentally catching in one of the tree's tube-vessels, and proceeding to get carried up into the darkness where his body was divided limb from limb just as the tubes themselves divided.
- It's at this point Monkisso casts "Speak with Human" (since Fishurili's last idea of singing a calming song failed miserably). The panicked monkey he spoke to revealed that they work all hours of the day everyday, they didn't leave the tree cavity, and they had little knowledge of the outside world (other than philosophy).
- Fishurili easily convinced the naïve monkey to lead them out of the cavity and to the tree top where the Banana Treasury lie in order to avenge his Flying Squirrel friend who had been killed by the Demon Bug.
- Exiting the tree's cavity, they reached a fossilized portion of the tree covered in rock and crystal that refracted and focused light into localized death-rays.
- Fishurili hopped onto a crystal spire with the help of Earthen Pillar, and was able to see what looked like scratch marks at the top of the crystalized portion, as well as a pool marked by a great multitude of smaller crystal clusters off towards the end of the fossilized branch.
- Phanber approached the pink-tinted pool that now seemed to emit a therapeutic frequency that couldn't quite be placed anywhere in space. Entering the pool, she could suddenly see a rock golem that sat relaxing in the pool with her.
- The two spoke for a little bit, and the golem revealed that most people got up to the tree's top by "making a deal with him"—pointing over its shoulder to the sky beyond them that housed a Lovecraftian entity that stretched across its entirety and yet didn't impede your vision at all. The two hashed out what kind of things the entity wanted, and the golem suggested that giving up your thumbs was a good idea, because he'd personally really like the extra dexterity in having more thumbs.
- Phanber approached the edge of the branch stood before the entity, hoping to sway him with the offer of a banana. This was rejected, and counter-offered with 3 bananas and her firstborn child as well as Fishurili's—which was accepted and followed by a pit feeling in the two's guts. A crystal spire nearby then began to twist open to reveal a portal inside which would transport them to the tree's top where the Banana Treasury was.
- Going through the portal, the party emerged at the foot of a colossally large mountain of ripe yellow bananas. It was an amount so great that even a thousand lifetimes might not be enough to devour them all.
- The party knew the Bug Demon was somewhere nearby, so they sought to lure it out with the illusion of a sexy female Bug Demon with a sort of "Jessica Rabbit" like vibe (I want to clarify that at no point did I say that the Bug Demon was a male). Her sexily sexy-ing all over the place sexily didn't appear to work so they upped the ante and decided that someone needed to flirt with the Sexy Bug Demon so that it would feel cucked—which the faceless monkey bravely volunteered for (I had just remembered that the faceless monkey was with them.)
- The two "flirted" for a minute to still no success—something that could only be because the Demon Bug in fact *enjoyed* being cucked and no other reason.
- The party began climbing the banana mountain, with Fishurili casually grabbing a banana and eating it. He came to find out that it was not in fact a banana inside of the peel, but an egg that housed a larva.
- At this realization, the Demon Bug erupted out of the banana mountain and curled its centipedal body around the yellow mass, hissing at the party who disturbed its slumber and destroyed one of its precious eggs.
- Fishurili cast Eidolic Chains upon the creature—which unfortunately rolled a natural 1 to evade it. Fiery chains erupted from the banana mound and wrapped around its many segments, securing it to the top of the mountain.
- Monkisso hastily leapt up the banana mass and rapidly approached the wildly thrashing centipede, who now attempted behead him with its giant flaming mandibles. The centipede narrowly missed, and Monkisso springboarded off of its jaws, soaring into the sky above it; a tear forming in the Tamarin's eye as it reached into its pocket to reveal the Astral Orb; a third furry arm reached out of the trench coat and wiped the tear away. Flying turned to falling as fur and fabric flapped in the wind. Monkisso brought the orb above his head, freefalling in wait for the perfect moment, and then he smashed the orb down on the centipede's skull. Its crystal casing shattered with a flash of light, and time appeared to halt for a brief moment. Reality warped as the Astral Portal manifested and sucked both the noble and the centipede into its planar maw before closing for good. A sonic boom exploded from the vacuum left by the portal's short presence. Launched bananas clattered to the floor, and shortly thereafter too fell the body of Cynosuros who had suffocated from going so long in the astral plane without oxygen.
- Phanber had fainted from the ordeal, lying unconscious next to the banana mountain—meaning that she was unable to stop a now irrational Fishurili from doing what he could not take back. He strode to the edge of the tree's top and looked down at the clouds below him. What was he to do? Was he to stroll back down the path they had taken? Walk past the bodies of brothers and victims so that he might collect the reward for his 'heroism'? Take a hundred concubines and live a life of endless bananas and guilt? It would be impossible to live. He would forever be haunted by the ghosts of his troop and the knowledge of damning his firstborn. His troop was with The Monkey God now, and by God he'd see them again soon.
- He leapt off of the treetop—with no intention of catching the next vine. He just took it all in. The vastness of the clouds. The crispness of the air. The whistling sound of the wind against his fur. The taste of banana still left on his tongue. It felt all so much more precious. He crashed through the clouds, wetting his fur and causing him to fall ever so slightly faster now. Above him he could see the monkey-shaped hole he had left in the sky. Amusing. Looking out he could see the marsh they had lost Cynosuros in. Beyond that was the kingdom he called home. Tears tried to form in his eyes, but were quickly carried away by the wind. He had not much longer now. The forces of gravity were beginning to be too much, and his vision was darkening. He would shut his eyes willingly, and spread his arms readying to embrace his home as it had embraced him all his life. He did not meet the earth's embrace though, but instead a branch's. And then another branch's. And then another. He continued hitting branches flipping him back and forth and back and forth before finally landing supine in the greenery beneath the World Tree. His body was bruised, bloodied, and broken. Perhaps it was a fitting punishment for his sins to not be spared an instantaneous death. He gazed out into the sky above him and saw The Monkey God lovingly looking back. He said: "My child, I have missed you...You shall retake your place with me soon...but first...there is a task you must finish before your soul might be released..." Fishurili's face paled as a painful feeling arose in his torso and rapidly worsened. Bursting forth from his chest cavity came a crying baby monkey who began ascending into the sky to fulfill his end of the deal. And with that, Fishurili's eyes closed for the last time and his spirit was released.
- Phanber eventually woke up and travelled down the World Tree and back to the kingdom where he told the tale of all that had transpired. The Gorilla King held a nationwide funeral for the lost nobles, burning large effigies of their likeness in their honor. It was as this funeral was concluding that the Gorilla King realized something: Hadn't he sent out more than 8 nobles? He began recounting them on his hand: Phanber, Cynosuros, Fishurili, Monkdis, Monkwis, Monkissa, Monkisso, Altouatta...Jazmangabey! She was the ninth! Where had she gone? Wait—how did he count 9 nobles on one hand?! This sudden realization jolted the Gorilla awake from his dream. He yawned and looked beside him at his own pile of bananas, that had seemed to attract a centipede in the night that was now crawling across its top. He brushed it off into the grass and grabbed the banana to inspect. Deeming it okay, he cracked open the tent's door and gazed out at the sunrise while taking a bite of his morning banana.
[Day 6: Night to Day 7: Morning]